welcome to a new episode of
future tv
Today we are bringing chocolate ice cream with us
chocolate chips vegan course how to
now and in high quality if you are
take care that here accordingly
The chocolate also has raw food quality
and therefore just to the content
These are three frozen bananas
Just take three bananas
Break the little pieces and put the
for at least three hours ins
freezer compartment two good tablespoons dachshund
syrup that corresponds to about 15 dates
which were mashed with water I show
get another video how to do that
make four tablespoons of raw food here
cocoa powder and chocolate you in
small pieces of report there are so synonymous
cacau there is said I believe
Buy raw food quality otherwise can
to buy raw food chocolate and the
break or split small pieces
normal number bitter chocolate then
Of course you need one
high-performance fans need it
no ice machine but we do that
with the mixer and do the times here
Frozen banana pure wants everything
catch up with ingredients
exactly the chocolate pieces the tum on
end to be bite-proof like this or take
the mixer seems to him first
low level and push with the pestle
down so that's one
uniform mass is polished
that's what it looks like when you're like that
a little parried bowl dreams
at the end the chocolate over it and
chocolate ice cream is ready too
chocolate pieces I hope that you
like
give the video thumbs highly correlated
the channel and I hope you see you
soon top again